# CSEC473_HW3_RedTeamTool
Red Team Tool (CSEC 473 HW3)

1) The goal of this tool is to distract and disrupt the Blue Team's operations. It periodically changes the keyboard layout between several non-standard layouts, including dvorak and azerty. The intention is two-fold. One, the blue team will ideally need to dedicate time to getting rid of this program. Two, if they cannot, then they either must deal with typing with the non-standard layout, or change it back periodically. This will slow them down and make it harder for them to respond to the other issues the Red Team generates.
2) Under the requirements for this HW is a list of categories for tools. One of them, destructive/distracting, lists "mess with the keyboard" as an example. Knowing there are multiple keyboard layouts, I decided to see if I could change them from powershell or a Linux Terminal. One of my teammates, Jon Bauer, stated he had done so previously, and showed me some sample code for a powershell script. I used this as a base to build a script that would change the layout between a set of layouts periodically and infinitely (barring the stopping of the script). The final script required two modifications to Bauer's code block. I added the "-Force" switch to the Set-WinUserLanguageList command to suppress the confirmation request. I also changed the index on the InputMethodTips call the the $1 variable from 0 to -1 to prevent errors that occur when the incorrect layout was accessed. I also made a version that works in bash to be run on Linux machines. 
3) Because the program runs on its own, there is technically nothing another student needs to understand to use it. However, it is good to understand the tools you're using. None of the commands used are particularly complicated, and there is clear documentation throughout. It should be quite simple to understand and can quite easily be adapted to suit specific needs.
Other Relevent Information:
The singular issue I am aware of with the powershell version of this tool is that it requires that powershell allow scripts to be run. Thus, either this needs to be enabled on the computer by default, or the Red Team needs to be able to run powershell as an administrator (that is, have access to an admin account) in order to change this configuration. For the bash version, you will need to chmod it to be executable. However, this should not require root privileges, so it can be done at any level of access.
There are two main modifications that can be made to both versions of the program. The first is how long the delay is between each change of the layout. I used 5 minutes because it seemed frequent enough to be bothersome without being so frequent that it would be impossible to do anything. I know that some students in this class are new to Blue Teaming, myself included, so I did not want to completely destroy their ability to work. This can be adjusted if the user thinks otherwise. The other is what layouts are used in the program. I only used those which still had english characters so as to not completely cripple the ability of either team to use this tool. In a more realistic and higher level setting, it would make more sense to use non-english character keyboards instead. It is easy enough to add or remove a layout simply by copying a single block of code and editing the numbers (powershell version) or letters (bash version) to the desired keyboard layout. It may be necessary to change other numbers/letters as well depending on your exact intentions. Please be sure you understand the code well enough that everything you want to happen still can.
